On analyzing the usage of Bikes by ID, most trips (based on the top 10 starting and ending trips) started and ended in more or less the same stations.  Increasing bike availability at these stations will prevent bike over usage, reduce the rate of repair services and prevent possible damages including injuries.  However, the top two bikes that had extremely high mileage need more investigation to determine the reasons behind their popularity.  
The proportion of annual subscribers was much higher than short term customer across all age groups and gender.  Even though the ratio between male and female was about 2:1, visualizations show that women the growth of female riders was much higher for women record high of 178% for females and around 127% for males in May 2020.  Regardless, overall ridership declined drastically over the winter months especially in December.  
After filtering off riders who are older than 90 years, visualizations revealed that most of the riders fall in the 31-40 Age-Group with a median age of about 33(32 for women and 35 for males).   To improve data integrity, a system that obligates riders to validate their age is necessary in order to prevent incidents associated unqualified users and associated liabilities.
Upon studying summer and winter peak hours, 8am is the busiest hour in the morning while 6 to 7pm in summer and 5-7pm in winter are evening rush hours associated with end of school and most regular work shifts.  The difference between summer and winter rush hours ridership is threefold, which suggest a special consideration in terms of monitoring and regulation bike availability and usage.